Unit 1, Job and Study

Part I

1. Are you a student or do you work?
I;m a student. More specifically, I'm a college student majoring in business management. I'll graduate next year.

2. Why d id you choose your job?
Frankly speaking, because the pay was great. When I was in college, I took out a student loan. Therfore, being able to make a lot of money was a priority for me when choosing a job.

3. What is the best thing about your job?
What I like most about my job is taht I get to work with such nice people. Even though I haven't been there long, they seem to really care for me. For example, when i have a struggle with work, they come to me and give me useful advice.

4. What do you not like about your job?
The only thing I don't like is that I am frequently expected to work overtime. Last week, for example, I had to work laste 4 out of 5 days. The workload is simply too heavy.

5. Why did y ou choose your major?
I chose business management because I'm more likely to get hired with a degree in that field. These days, getting a job is a big concern for college students. Therefore, I wanted to invest my tiem and money in a major that would pay off.

6. What do you learn while studying your major?
I have to take courses in amnagement theory, accountying, and business ethics. Since I'm majoring in business administration, I have to study a lot of varied subjects like those. I think that will give me the skills I need to get a job after graduation.

7. What are you ging to do after graduation?
I'll be looking for a job, most likely. However, if things don't work out, I will  take a break and travel overseas. Since I've nver been to Europe, I think that's probably where I'll be headed.

8. Do you prefer to study in the morning or in the afternoon?
My nind is usually clearer in the morning, so I prefer to study then, Also, by finishing all my assignments early, I free up my afternoons and evenings. I can spend that time meeting my friends, playing games, or doing sports.